docs: fix typo (#305)
denoland/fresh: docs/getting-started/deploy-to-production.md

After creating the project, head to the "Git" tab in the project settings,
select the repository, the production branch (`main`), and the entrypoint file
(`main.ts`). This will link the project to the repository and automatically

> deploy it to the internet. The project is now available at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploy it to the internet. The project will now be available at
```

This matches the tense of the previous sentence ("This will link...")

Author: you're absolutely right 👌🏼
